# Jwellary-shop-PHP-MYSQL-
Free Download Online Jewellery Shopping System Php Project with source code. Online Jewellery Shop is basically used to build an application program which help people to find and buy latest design of jewellery with different categories like Gold Silver, Diamond . It is useful in the way that it makes an easier way to buy products online.  Today most of the jewellery shop is useful for shopping site. The admin have lots of paper work and they are using desktop, spread sheet like MS Excel application to manage data in soft copy about user record. In this proposed jewellery System it will run in server and user can handle whole the registration activities. It has facilities to generate various types of reports (like pdf, excel) which are required by the management during event organizing.  This application maintains the centralized database so that any changes done at a location reflects immediately. This is an online tool so more than one user can login into system and use the tool simultaneously.  The aim of this application is to reduce the manual effort needed to manage transactions and historical data used in various gods owns. Also this application provides an interface to users to view the details about events.     System Actors The application is implemented in PHP and consists of two main components: i. Admin and ii. Customer side  Admin side consists of the features such as Creating Username &amp; Password, Input Items, Modify Items, Delete items, Query Sale Data, Query Database’s data, and Logout.  Customer?user side consists of the features such as Select Products, Search Products, Buy Items, Continue Shopping, View Cart, Checkout, Sign-in, Creating an Account, Bill/Ship Information, Confirm, Send Order, and Delete Order. There are also the future works for this application.There are mainly three such objectives which are as follows:  • To shop in the comfort of your home, without having to step out of the door. • To be able to easily save money and compare prices from website to website.  The software specifications are • Operating System: Window 7 and above • HTML, CSS, Bootstrap (Front end) • MY SQL(Back end) • PHP(Server side programming) • XAMPP Server     Installation Steps 1. Download zip file and Unzip file on your local server. 2. Put this file inside “c:/wamp/www/” . 3. Database Configuration Open phpmyadmin Create Database named db name. Import database db name.sql from downloaded folder(inside database) 4. Open Your browser put inside “http://localhost/folder name/“     Download
